how was the battery go from like empty
to half again
oh yes we got a bit more time than we
thought anybody ready ready by control
started filming hmm sony open the case
one Jeff get on the ball here man I'm
globally come on man 11 in the first
century so where's the ball anyone left
Paris yeah that's not exactly
here we go hugger yauger 2790 boom John
Tavares 3 of 9 19 was that Jersey auto
nice very exacting again will be Hall of
5 and 19 I'll taking a piece let's get
started we had to go to a Honda whoo
Jory vesna did 90 of nine Wow oh one of
nine c'est lui patch auto hash oh boy
this broken makita Esposito he meet nine
and 24 talk to buy that wasn't Bobby
home man without a jersey number six
figures all the whole we get this
weekend yes today okay that's back for
me oh my god Roberta long ago to go it's
the 101 / DC saku koivu 224 and Joe
Sakic to 13 13 and 24 I pokerstars focus
their rocket up what is it back
I remember Tudor just don't get the hell
away from to did you get one of one yet
not yet no 101 yet you need that one
he's never see noses are 101 in here
Jeremy agar 60 and 90 anze kopitar in 10
8 of 10 Jersey auto egg nice and safe
course I know you have an Apache go
there you go we've almost got a hash to
complete everything from all for that
most everything will happen
Plus like seven times yeah we actually
know we pull another one today every us
yeah party nice haha aight and 99 so are
you turn any Carter Ashton jerz the
other cold actually what a lot honey 101
emblem oh wow is it saw honey oh nice
nice stuff I return at the whole way
yeah I should probably go to hey I
really have bad luck 789 okay Barry
Ronnie franchise and 11 of 19 Joe Sakic
World War my TV oh nice two of nine
Bobby hill from that end I was just
talking about sin a wild Hyneman ein
turning off at his car